hi there
sorry just Colby reading a book about
space well since you're here maybe we
can talk about sock puppets I got given
some sock puppet stuff for my birthday
I know usually use old socks but this
was some kind of kit that someone made
so thought I'd make them and show you
how to do I think you really need
teaching I'm sure anyway this is what
I've already made this is a some kind of
dinosaur it's got little arms he's got a
tail some kind of spiky head thing a
couple of googly eyes a tongue little
nose so I'll make another one so you can
see at it this is what you need you're
going to get shocked these are a bit
small you could do it something a bit
bigger you're going to need pair of
scissors some kind of glue probably need
a pen and you'll need some felt or
something to cover the outside you've
paper or cardboard if you want and I
will pick up some some little fluffy
balls and a few googly eyes now the
first step when you've got your sock is
to put it on and see how it's gonna fit
so generally whether he'll is just there
that's where your thing is going to be
and then there's your sock puppet sheep
so your eyes are probably going to go
around here so we're going to want to
mark so if we just draw a little black
mark on there so that's where your eye
is going to be and then you've got the
mouth here it's a probably good idea
just to mark on a little bit it's not
really obvious but you'll be able to see
it when you are when you lay the flock
out then the flock when you lay the sock
out flat and then everything else will
just be down this bit here and here as
well
so take a sock off now
mmm
now you decide which color G to go for I
think yellow look pretty good on this
one
maybe actually we'll go for blue now for
a tail like this one here it's just a
triangle bit there and then some spiky
bits so what we will do let's get a
ruler need to measure out the spiky bit
so pen you draw a diagonal line down
there the felt left and spiky bit and
then we need the tail as well I'll draw
another diagonal line down here
so not wasting too much of the the felt
from now we'll just cut that out
you
I'll do those bikes you go tail and just
glue on that with the red-blue sorry I
know need to make some arms and we'll
just draw those on here
and obviously I'll go play these I mean
I'm not gonna playing these I've got
friend she's pregnant in the moment so
she'll be her child soon and it's kind
of a little toy for her oh yes she'll
just bear to scare the chart with it I'm
not sure a dinosaurs the best thing for
a newborn but I'm going for that anyway
go down at dog or the Dark Horse worse
obviously snakes probably easiest thing
to go for all right so there's my arms
not perfect but they'll be fine now I
need a little tongue so a little bit of
felt let's cut off a tongue
doesn't have to be perfect there's a
hunger sock there this little blue bit
will go down the back with the tail
a couple of arms either side the tunnel
will be under here a couple of googly
eyes will need another's and that's
pretty much it
I'll stick those all on and then I'll
show you when it's done
you
the bill is still not completely dry but
we can put it on figure out whether it's
right on our not much you can do now at
cheezer's I've glued it but I can
certainly put it on to see what it looks
like
tell us come up a bit there
there we go let's mr. sock puppet or
Tyrannosaurus Rex